---
layout: default
title: Ms. Hayes Privacy Policy
---

#Privacy Policy
###Last updated: May 05, 2021
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.

#Interpretation and Definitions
##Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

##Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
    • Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
    • Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Ms. Hayes Birthday Countdown Chrome Extension.
    • Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
    • Country refers to: New York, United States
    • Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
    • Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
    • Service refers to the Website.
    • Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
    • Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
    • You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

#Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

##Types of Data Collected

###Personal Data
While using Our Service, We will never ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. We don’t store your data, period. We physically can’t. We have nowhere to story it. We don’t even have a database to store it. 

###Usage Data
Usage Data is not collected automatically when using the Service. We do not collect Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We do not collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We do not collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

###Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We do not use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. We do not use tracking technologies such as beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. 

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. You can learn more about cookies here: All About Cookies by TermsFeed.

We do not use Session or Persistent Cookies.

###Use of Your Personal Data
We do not collect, store, or use Your Personal Data.

###Retention of Your Personal Data
We will not store or retain Your Personal Data.

###Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is not stored or transferred to any entities.

###Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Your Personal Data is not stored or disclosed.

###Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

###Links to Other Websites
Our Service does not contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

###Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

###Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
    -By email: hi@aankit.com
